Benjamin here with you bicycles and
today I would like to introduce a brand
new electric cargo bike the spicy curry
the spicy curry is the result of a
collaboration between uber bicycles and
Korea Technology America's leading brand
in electric bikes at curry we have a
team of mechanical engineers and
electrical engineers that you know
design and develop our drive systems and
you know I think that we're the only
company in North America that has these
kinds of resources in-house I just knew
that it was going to be a perfect
partnership because we were able to
combine expertise from uba's long tail
cargo experience and curry technologies
the drive system
it's the perfect pairing quite honestly
it's great for us to be able to work
with them because they have all the
expertise in electric bikes here in
North America on ebike Drive systems we
can choose from either a center motor
like we use on the Yuba spicy curry or a
hub motor and we chose a center drive
motor we can use a relatively low
wattage and efficient motor so you get
great range out of the battery capacity
that you have and also the benefit of
tremendous torque so you can climb very
steep hills and carry significant loads
very efficiently on the bike the weight
is low in centered so the handling
characteristics are fantastic we really
think that it's the perfect combination
between the Yuba long tail cargo bike
design and the integration of the Curie
electrode drive system onto a cargo
bicycle in addition to the powerful
carissa drive motor the spicy curry is
loaded with some very unique features
one of my favorite being the optional
truck bed basically creates a 2x2
loading area on the back of the bicycle
you can carry bulky items do deliveries
it's really really cool well I've
written a lot of electric cargo bikes
and I think that one of the exceptional
things about the spicy curry is its
lightness and its nimbleness so I think
it's gonna fit him real nicely
the other thing is sort of the ride feel
from all the sensor technology
so we can measure torque we can measure
rotational speed based on how quickly
you're spinning the pedals on a bike and
also wheel speed to deliver an
unbelievable ride feel that is in direct
proportion to your human power input and
makes experience like a magic carpet
ride inventing a design an electric
cargo bike is not an easy task and after
year cup collaboration with Kari
technology we're so happy to finally see
the bicycle here I invite you to go to
the nearest Yuba or Currie Technology
dealer to take a test drive and see how
this bike can spice up your life